go talk to you about WBO junior
lightweight champion Mikey Garcia this
year he beat three current or former
world champions won two titles what are
your thoughts on him well Mikey Garcia
is as good a young fighter as America
has he's just he's fantastic he's so
well schooled he's a counter-puncher
without being boring he's answered the
bell every time every time is the level
of his opposition has gone up he's
answered the only thing is he's been so
good they only want to see him against
the best I want to see him fight
yuriorkis gamboa I want to see him fight
the best there is and I think he's gonna
do fine I think he's a superstar in the
making how about him in gamboa like what
do you think of that matchup well Gamboa
has not shown very much discipline
outside the ring recently yeah I want to
see him get in the ring it's a really
interesting matchup because you can say
what you want about gamboa he's exciting
and he's extremely skilled and Garcia
has never faced anybody with that kind
of speed so I'd love to see that fight
at 130 pounds i think it would be great
for both times miss our boa needs to get
back in get his name back in to be
considered a tough fighter again yeah I
talked to Mike he's older brother Robert
former champion he said mike is gonna be
the type of fire that's gonna be able to
rise and wait he said maybe even fight
at 135 soon win titles won 41 47 do you
see that up in him that potential well
yeah there's always the question if
there's a fighter move up because he has
to can or does he move up because
there's nobody friend to fight mmm 130
pounds of vision is not hot division in
America let's face it there are a lot of
young fighters that might develop but my
mouth waters thinking about a fight
between let's say Mikey Garcia and
figure out Omar Figueroa home side would
that be now you know politics two
different sides of the street I
understand but how good a fight with
that big so there might be better if I'd
to 135 for Mikey Garcia down the road if
he gets big enough he's gonna go with
the money it's my last thing about my
key what about just kind of maybe his
pedigree you know his trainer Eduardo
who worked with
Fernando Vargas the La Colonia history
his brother Robert former champion just
his how he came up how do you see that
in his style you know yeah he reminds me
of a coach's son and basketball you now
coach his sons were always point guard
yeah because they're so smart it comes
natural to them I think that's very much
let's face and grow up I I remember
Robert Garcia very well it was a very
good fighter and Eduardo trained Vargas
as you said and it's a finding family
and when you see guys like that they
were almost always smart fighters and
clearly my key is